MM-30008 - Implement mmctl import command (#4344)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableOpenTracing": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Import Settings Default Directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The directory where the imported files are stored. The path is relative to the ``FileSettings`` directory. By default, imports are stored under ``./data/import``.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``ImportSettingsDefaultDirectory: ./import`` with string input.                                                            |

Reviewer: Technically the setting is just `Directory` which goes under the `ImportSettings` section. I am saying this because searching for the string `ImportSettingsDefaultDirectory` won't find any result.

This is how it would look in a `config.json` file:

```json
"ImportSettings": {
  "Directory": "./import",
  "RetentionDays": 30
}
```

Author: Thank you so much, @streamer45! I'll ensure this and the Telemetry documentation is updated accordingly.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Import Settings Default Retention Days
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The number of days to retain the imported files before deleting them.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``ImportSettingsDefaultRetentionDays: 30`` with numerical input.                                                           |

Reviewer: Same here, the setting would be `RetentionDays` which goes under the `ImportSettings` section.

Author: Thank you!

> +----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer 2: Both tables are broken.

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableOpenTracing": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                                                        |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Import Settings Default Directory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The directory where the imported files are stored. The path is relative to the ``FileSettings`` directory. By default, imports are stored under ``./data/import``.

.. note::
  
  This configuration setting is available in Mattermost Cloud. It will be available in Mattermost Server v5.33 on March 16, 2021.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``IMPORT_SETTINGS_DEFAULT_DIRECTORY: ./import`` with string input.                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``ImportSettingsDefaultDirectory: ./import`` with string input.                                                         |
```

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Import Settings Default Retention Days
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The number of days to retain the imported files before deleting them.

.. note::
  
  This configuration setting is available in Mattermost Cloud. It will be available in Mattermost Server v5.33 on March 16, 2021.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``IMPORT_SETTINGS_DEFAULT_RETENTION_DAYS: 30`` with numerical input.                                                       |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``ImportSettingsDefaultRetentionDays: 30`` with numerical input.                                                       |
```
